Lint all files in a directory by expanding arguments (#5682)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/whatsnew/2.13.rst

Other Changes
=============

> * Add ``--recursive`` option to allow linting recursively all modules and packages in subtree. Running pylint with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add ``--recursive`` option to allow recursive discovery of all modules and packages in subtree. Running pylint with
```

>   ``--recursive`` option will check all discovered ``.py`` files and packages found inside subtree of directory provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``--recursive=y`` option will check all discovered ``.py`` files and packages found inside subtree of directory provided
```

  as parameter to pylint.

>   Closes #352

Reviewer: This should be copied to the `Changelog` file. ie., `2.13.rst` and `Changelog` should include the same changes.

Author: done
